Doll Dragon Fruit
And 150 yen
Dragon fruit I bought Nde was 150 yen yesterday ion
I mean, I eat Dragon Fruit for the first time, but it is amazing this is this form
Well this I I'm this me of is real because in the devil look
Also direct Nde Companies Act there is no person that was heard at the eldest son of Let's eat immediately by saying
Let's say that you are facing a blackout
You're white
It seems that there are two types of white and red fox
I will not do this anymore
What a great wow o
This is great
This is how far you can eat
I wonder if this is good
It feels like this is a substitute
Let's eat life's first dragon fruit
This of do not do soft wow
part
What say
The taste is
There is nothing
A few songs are totally tasteless for Haneda appearance
For this reason
I will eat it in depression
Hey I Am feeling like Kano for the pv
A little-ish Honma amazing Aose plant
The scent slips into the nose
As you go forward, it's a bit sweet and sour
To the left exit ne Yamaha
I'm soft and soft but I'm fresh
There is no taste
I wonder if it's fruit and fruit
I Kato is less I think wonder if I even if there is Kato
About selling this week why this week's feet
It's a bus I'm touching enough but there's also no Amamin
What Kana This
It is such a feeling that it is Dragon Fruit 2 to take today
It was your formation customers
Taisei days
I will try to grow dragon fruit by planting for this purpose